No, we will add the Google authentication in the frontend.
So let's start by adding a button here.
Let's go to the login form and we will add a new button.
I'll make it an anchor link.
Log in with Google and each of you will be.
JavaScript.
Avoid zero.
So when we click the button, nothing will happen.
And let's add some classes.
So this will be a class button.
Button outline danger.
Text Center margin top three and width 100.
So the button will look like these.
And when we click, nothing will happen.
So let's add the authentication part now.
So first we need to install a package.
So let's install a package called NPM, install v3 google.
Oh.
And the.
Not sure if this has type, but the.
Let me try it.
AMPM installed is a div dependency types view three Google Oath.
And let's go to our main that.
Yes.
So it does not have that type dependency here.
We will add the variable.
So first, let's import geode.
From.
View three.
Google.
Now there is a problem with this which we need to suppress this warning with, uh, deus ignore.
But this will also cause another problem because I think in our Yes.
Linked, uh, also this ignore is also a problem.
So we have to suppress this again.
So a lot of suppressing here.
Uh, just to import to this package, which has not the type cube version.
So you can either add these comments or you can change, change your is linked.
I will use just this comment in the now, uh, let's create a variable.
Growth is equal to growth.
Create g of like this.
And inside we need to add only one thing which is our client.
Idea.
And we can get that client ID if we go to our Google Cloud, click our app and this is the client ideal.
Copy this.
Your URL here.
And the opposite here.
So what is the client idea?
In the end, we will use.
Visigoth.
So we added it here.
Now let's go to our locator form and the here we need to import import the same thing.
So we need to import this part along with the comments and I'll pass it here.
So we have the import and now all create a variable g.
All is equal to lower growth.
You've g.
O.
So it is like this.
And for the moment, let's console.log this value.
Joe.
And when we inspect, hear and see, the console will see growth here.
And we have a lot of functions.
What we need is this signing when we click this button.
So let's do it now let's add the non click here.
Click and the create the function here Google Earth.
Let's return to Google Earth.
And when we click, we will call the Google Earth function inside the Google Earth function.
We will call this a geode.
And will get the Google user is equal to g of.
In.
I think I made some mistakes.
So this should be a synchronous and this list should be weighed here.
And signing is with capital I.
And in the end I will console.log to the Google user.
So let's try this.
Click.
Log in with Google.
And as we can see, it's supporting our account.
And when I click one of my accounts, this is the result will get this response.
And what do I need in this response is just this I token.
So that is the only thing that I need.
So let's send that that value to the backend and let's complete the authentication.
So we will get a response here or I will get it directly like this, status and data are equal to it.
Actually we will post to the PIC and Google Authentication and we will send only one token which we
get it from Google user.
W.
C.
I.D. an escort token four with a value year wac i d underscore token and of course this is a logging
so we need to add with credentials to through as well because we will get the access and refresh token
soon.
So it is a logging we need to use also this part.
Because we will get the the access token, which we need to use it to our headers and the status.
We need it because if it is successful, if the status is 200 actually old, copy this code as well.
If thought of is 200, we will admit success.
So we need to add the new immediate success and the let's go to our log in so.
Now looking for will have also the successor function here, which I will copy and paste it here.
So uh, in the log in form, we can log in via Google.
That's why we omitted success in the authenticator form.
If we put the authenticate and authenticate their value, then we omit success and that should be it.
Let's try now to login with my Google account or select my user and it is successful.
As you can see, this is my name on Google and now it's appearing.
Look out here and everything is working as it should.
Also, we got a refresh token.
Uh, it seems so.
We got old for more information regarding Google, but we want to use that.
We will use the refresh token and the access token.
That we get from our beckoned.
So that's it.
This is how we log in via Google.
And this was also our course.
Thank you for watching.
Until now.
And let me know if you have anything.
Thank you.